package-insert-section-6.txt	ODV	O-desmethylvenlafaxine
package-insert-section-206.txt	SHBG	sex hormone binding globulin
package-insert-section-72.txt	CNS	central nervous system
package-insert-section-75.txt	MICs	minimum inhibitory concentrations
package-insert-section-75.txt	MIC	minimum inhibitory concentration
package-insert-section-75.txt	ECL	Enterochromaffin-like
package-insert-section-75.txt	CYP	cytochrome P450
package-insert-section-74.txt	CYP	cytochrome P450
package-insert-section-9.txt	SSRI	selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor
package-insert-section-9.txt	TCAs	Tricyclic Antidepressants
package-insert-section-9.txt	PM	"poor metabolizers"
package-insert-section-9.txt	EM	"extensive metabolizers"
package-insert-section-199.txt	AUC	area under the concentration-time curve
package-insert-section-140.txt	AUC	area under the curve
package-insert-section-123.txt	CYP	Cytochrome P450
package-insert-section-123.txt	AUC	area under the curve
package-insert-section-123.txt	BMI	body mass index
package-insert-section-105.txt	i.e.	increased free water excretion
package-insert-section-105.txt	AVP	arginine vasopressin
package-insert-section-105.txt	QTcI	QT correction
package-insert-section-190.txt	ddI	didanosine
package-insert-section-190.txt	ZDV	zidovudine
package-insert-section-190.txt	msec	milliseconds
package-insert-section-190.txt	95% CI	95% confidence intervals
package-insert-section-190.txt	CYP3A	cytochrome P450 3A
package-insert-section-184.txt	H. pylori	Helicobacter pylori
package-insert-section-184.txt	MIC	minimum inhibitory concentration
package-insert-section-184.txt	SHBG	sex hormone binding globulin
package-insert-section-184.txt	AUCs	area under the plasma concentration curves
package-insert-section-184.txt	INR	International Normalized Ratio
package-insert-section-184.txt	STH	somatotropic hormone
package-insert-section-184.txt	ECL	Enterochromaffin-like
package-insert-section-184.txt	TSH	thyroid stimulating hormone
package-insert-section-184.txt	DHEA-S	dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate
package-insert-section-184.txt	FSH	follicle stimulating hormone
package-insert-section-184.txt	LH	luteinizing hormone
package-insert-section-90.txt	PMs	poor metabolizers
package-insert-section-90.txt	EMs	extensive metabolizers
package-insert-section-102.txt	MAO	monoamine oxidase
package-insert-section-102.txt	NMS	Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome
package-insert-section-60.txt	ADH	antidiuretic hormone
package-insert-section-197.txt	RT	reverse transcriptase
package-insert-section-197.txt	ZDV-TP	zidovudine triphosphate
package-insert-section-197.txt	AMT	3'-amino-3'-deoxythymidine
package-insert-section-197.txt	IV	intravenous
package-insert-section-197.txt	TAMs	Thymidine analogue mutations
package-insert-section-197.txt	CrCl	creatinine clearance
package-insert-section-8.txt	D2	dopamine Type 2
package-insert-section-154.txt	BPH	benign prostatic hyperplasia
package-insert-section-194.txt	PT	prothrombin time
package-insert-section-194.txt	INR	international normalized ratio
package-insert-section-173.txt	apo B	apolipoprotein B
package-insert-section-173.txt	LDL	low-density lipoprotein
package-insert-section-173.txt	IDL	intermediate density lipoprotein
package-insert-section-173.txt	VLDL	very-low-density lipoprotein
package-insert-section-173.txt	TG	Triglycerides
package-insert-section-173.txt	IDL	intermediate-density lipoprotein
package-insert-section-173.txt	IDL-C	intermediate density lipoprotein cholesterol
package-insert-section-173.txt	FH	familial hypercholesterolemia
package-insert-section-173.txt	total-C	total cholesterol
package-insert-section-173.txt	LDL-C	LDL-cholesterol
package-insert-section-155.txt	PDE5	phosphodiesterase type-5
package-insert-section-155.txt	CYP2C9	cytochrome P450 2C9
package-insert-section-136.txt	CYP3A4	cytochrome P450 3A4
package-insert-section-91.txt	ADHD	Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
package-insert-section-91.txt	PMs	poor metabolizers
package-insert-section-91.txt	EMs	[extensive metabolizers
package-insert-section-91.txt	CYP2D6	cytochrome P450 2D6
package-insert-section-5.txt	PM	PM's -38% to 105%
package-insert-section-5.txt	ODV	O-desmethylvenlafaxine
package-insert-section-5.txt	EM	extensive metabolizers
package-insert-section-185.txt	INR	International Normalized Ratio
package-insert-section-171.txt	ACE	angiotensin-converting enzyme
package-insert-section-73.txt	CTZ	chemoreceptor trigger zone
package-insert-section-73.txt	CNS	Central Nervous System
package-insert-section-73.txt	TSH	Thyroid stimulating hormone
package-insert-section-73.txt	GH	growth hormone
package-insert-section-73.txt	LH	luteinizing hormone
package-insert-section-208.txt	ADP	adenosine diphosphate
package-insert-section-165.txt	MAO	monoamine oxidase
package-insert-section-157.txt	ACE	angiotensin-converting enzyme
package-insert-section-157.txt	Ang I	angiotensin I
package-insert-section-157.txt	Ang II	angiotensin II
package-insert-section-157.txt	PRA	plasma renin activity
package-insert-section-157.txt	RAAS	renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system
package-insert-section-188.txt	ATV/RTV	atazanavir/ritonavir
package-insert-section-188.txt	LPV	lopinavir
package-insert-section-188.txt	PI	protease inhibitor
package-insert-section-188.txt	AAG	alpha-1-acid glycoprotein
package-insert-section-188.txt	ATV	Atazanavir
package-insert-section-189.txt	CYP3A	cytochrome P450 3A
package-insert-section-2.txt	CI	confidence interval
package-insert-section-103.txt	CTZ	chemoreceptor trigger zone
package-insert-section-103.txt	e.g.	emptying
package-insert-section-103.txt	LESP	lower esophageal sphincter pressure
package-insert-section-186.txt	HMG-CoA	3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A
package-insert-section-186.txt	CYP3A4	cytochrome P450 isoform 3A4
package-insert-section-6.txt	MAO	monoamine oxidase
package-insert-section-6.txt	ODV	O-desmethylvenlafaxine
